The first electronic computer ENIAC weighed more than 27 tons and took up 1800 square feet.
TYPEWRITER is the longest word that you can write using the letters only on one row of the keyboard of your computer.
The password for the computer controls of nuclear-tipped missiles of the U.S was 00000000 for eight years.
A computer worm was present before that could access your Windows XP OS, could download a patch from Microsoft to exist the vulnerability as used it to infect the system and after delete itself.
Approximately 70% of virus writers are said to work under contract for organized crime syndicates.
HP, Microsoft and Apple have one very interesting thing in common – they were all started in a garage.
Amazon was a hard cover book seller, but actually now sells more e-books than hard covers
An average person normally blinks 20 times a minute, but when using a computer he/she blinks only 7 times a minute.
More than 80% of the emails sent daily are spams.
In 2010, a high school named Lower Merion School District in Pennsylvania issued a MacBook to each of its 2,306 students, then remotely activated the webcams to spy on the students at home.
The fact that keyboard have ‘Q’ ‘W’ ‘E’ ‘R’ ‘T’ ‘Y’ types of button: When keyboard was invented, it had buttons in alphabetical order, as a result, the typing speed was too fast and the computer used to hang. So, to reduce the speed of a person, qwerty keyboard were invented.
In 2005, Sony illegally installed rootkits on 22 million computers to prevent the users from ripping copyrighted music, and could not be uninstalled. It also reported user’s listening habits back to Sony. Ironically, the code itself contained open source software, and so infringed copyright.
2012 was the year a hacker group took down Pope John’s website because a food company spent over two hours to deliver as expected. The hacker group was called UGNazi.
In Windows 98, minimized windows are actually moved far away outside the average monitor’s resolution.
It took Pixar 29 hours to render a single frame from Monster’s University. If done on a single CPU it would have taken 10,000 years to finish.
IBM 5120 from 1980 was the heaviest desktop computer ever made. It weighed about 105 pounds, not including the 130 pounds external floppy drive.
A 15 year old hacked NASA computers and caused a 21-day shutdown of their computers.
The computer in your cell phone today is million times cheaper and a thousands times more powerful and about a hundred thousands times smaller than the one computer at MIT in 1965.
Only about 10% of the world’s currency is physical money, the rest only exists on computers.
Doug Engelbart invented the first computer mouse in around 1964 which was made of wood.
In 1960, the computer at NORAD warned with 99.9% certainty that the Soviets had just launched a full-scale missile attack against North America. NORAD later discovered that the Early Warning System in Greenland had interpreted the moon rising over Norway as a missile attack from Siberia.
In 1833, Charles Babbage invented all the parts a modern computer uses, but it wasn’t until 120 years later that the first modern computers were invented.
There are more than 5000 new computer viruses are released every month.
The house where Bill Gates lives, was designed using a Macintosh computer.
Web Arx security says more than 20,000 websites are hacked each day and most from the US
YouTube was founded by 3 former employees of PayPal.
The first ever hard disk drive was made in 1979, and could hold only 5MB of data.
In 2012, the founder of McAfee Antivirus, John McAfee was asked if he personally uses McAfee anti-virus, he replied by saying “I take it off,” and that “It’s too annoying.”
China has the highest number of internet users in the whole world with over 746 million active users.
There are around  3.58 billion internet users worldwide as of 2017 according to statista.
The first 1GB hard disk drive was announced in 1980 which weighed about 550 pounds, and had a price tag of $40,000.
According to statista, by 2023, over 50 billion devices will be connected on the internet.
The woman who rented her garage to Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1998 when they were creating Google later became the CEO of YouTube.
There are over 1.5 billion instant messaging id’s in the world over.
The first webcam was used at Cambridge University. Its purpose was to monitor a coffee maker so they didn’t waste trips to an empty pot.
A group of 12 engineers designed IBM PC and they were called as “The Dirty Dozen”.
Well, there are two games that were the first ever made in the US called Asteroids and Lunar Lander in 1980.
Mircosoft included Solitaire in their operating systems “to soothe people intimidated by the operating system” and introduce users to graphic user interfaces and taught them how to use a mouse.
The Space Shuttle never flew on new year’s day or eve because its computers couldn’t handle a year rollover.
The original name of Windows was Interface Manager.
Konrad Zuse is the inventor of the first programmable computer in the world. He did it in 1936 and named the computer as Z1. Konrad Zuse
The first-ever registered domain name was Symbolics.com for free.
All the domain names such as Google, Log In or Sign Up were free until 1995, but now everyone has to pay for every new domain name.
Russians made a computer that ran on water in the mid of 1936.
A professional typist types fast and types great amount of words daily. If we measure this as distance, than it will become 12.6 miles a day for the fingers of the typist to cover each day.
The original Halo was 3rd person and designed for Mac. In 2000 Microsoft bought Bungie and made it an exclusive for the original Xbox.
During IBM Watson’s Jeopardy Game, it stored all 15 terabytes of its knowledge in RAM, including every page of Wikipedia in existence.
500 hours of Video are uploaded to Facebook every minute according to Forecast.
E-Mail was invented before Internet. Shocked!!!! ” I also got shocked after hearing this.”
There is a website called “The Useless Web” . This is the last treatment for your boredom. If you ever feel bored please visit.
The first Apple computer ever made by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak was made from old parts they collected for free from their staff!
Only 2 out of the top 500 supercomputers run on Windows, and 485 are Linux.
IBM was so powerful in 1983 that people feared that its PCjr home computer would destroy Apple, Commodore, and all other competitors. The PCjr became “one of the biggest flops in the history of computing”.
IMDb is one of the oldest websites on the internet, and began on Usenet in 1990 as a list of “actresses with beautiful eyes.”
No human has won a tournament standard chess game against a high spec computer since 2005.
A programmer developed an operating system called TempleOS in Hospitalized for mental health problems, he believes that TempleOS is literally the Third Temple as biblically prophesied. Per God’s “instructions,” the OS uses a 640×480, 16 color display, and uses the language HolyC.
The first word spoken on the internet was “lo”. It was supposed to be “login” but the computer crashed after the first two letters.
Windows 95 was the second most installed piece of software on computers in 1995, video game DOOM was first.
Gaming computers heat a room just as efficiently as a space heater does.
The Space Invaders game was intended to always be played at the same speed, but as you destroy more aliens, the computer can render faster. This is why the aliens speed up as you near the end of the level.
There was a time when AMD and Intel CPUs used the same socket (Socket 7) and could run on the same motherboard.
Hard disks are so sensitive to vibration, that just screaming at them diminishes their performance.
Sony released a kit that allows PS2s (Linux for PlayStation 2) to be used as a personal computer.
There is a video game, called “Lose/Lose” that deletes a random file on your computer every time you kill an enemy.
As computers run, they get hot. Computers have fans to keep them cool.
elgoog.im (Google spelled backwards) is a mirrored website of Google Search with horizontally flipped search results, also known as a “Google mirror”. An unofficial elgooG website was created by All Too Flat “for fun”, which started to gain popularity in 2002
When you’re all grown up and working and you use a computer each day, your hands would have traveled 12.6 miles (about 20km) per day!
Whether you use Mozilla, Chrome Explore, please know that Mosaic was the first browser in  Just when I was born.
The US Federal Register is still using floppy disks sent by courier because a secure e-mail system is “too expensive”.
If you open up the case of the original Macintosh, there are 47 signatures there, which are from each member of Apple’s Macintosh division in Interesting?
During the production of Toy Story 2, Pixar accidentally deleted the entire movie from its servers. The movie was saved by an employee, a new mother, who worked from home and had the data saved on her personal computer.
Lenovo stands for ‘new legend’. ‘Le’ for legend, and ‘novo’ stands for new.
Facebook has over a billion users. If it was a country it would be the third largest in the world.
American mathematician Marion Tinsley played checkers for 45 years and lost only 7 games. He once beat a computer program, and later analysis showed that Tinsley had played the only possible winning strategy from 64 moves out.
Apple’s first computer, the Apple I, went on sale in 1976 for $666.66 because Steve Wozniak liked repeating digits and found them easier to type. He said he was unaware of any Satanic connotations with the number.
The term “World Wide Web” was invented by Tim Berners in 1990.
The very first computer was an abacus invested 500 B.C in Babylon made of string and beads whose main purpose was to count.
Around 50% of all Wikipedia vandalism is caught by a single computer program with more than 90% accuracy.
If there was a computer as powerful as the human brain, it would be able to do 38 thousand trillion operations per second and hold more than 3580 terabytes of memory.
One of the first instances of a stored computer program was in 1801 when Joseph Marie Jacquard demonstrated a loom that wove fabrics based on hole-punched cards that were fed into the machine.
Steve Jobs wanted to hide a man wearing a fedora on the first Mac. Dubbed “Mr. Macintosh,” the character would appear after opening the menu bar several thousand times then quickly disappear, leaving users to question their sanity. The idea was scrapped due to Mac’s paltry 128KB of RAM.
CPU manufacturing is so unpredictable that every chip must be tested since the majority of finished chips are defective. Those that survive are assigned a model number and price reflecting their maximum safe performance.
There is a programming language called INTERCAL which has keywords like IGNORE, PLEASE , FORGET. If you don’t use PLEASE enough times while coding, Compiler rejects the code.
Computers have memory or RAM, which stores items on the computer when they’re not in use. The processor stores everything your computer needs to run.
In 2009, computer scientists created a system that composes a realistic picture from a simple freehand sketch, pulling photos from the internet: Sketch2Photo.
HDMI charges its licensed manufacturers $10,000 per year plus $0.15 per cable, reduced to $0.05 if the HDMI logo is on the socket.
In May 1997, an IBM supercomputer known as Deep Blue beat then chess world champion Garry Kasparov, who had once bragged that he would never lose to a machine. After 15 years, it was discovered that the critical move made by Deep Blue was due to a bug in its software.
The Ultra NVidia GeForce 6800 video card was built with 222 million transistors and considered among the best todate.
The first microprocessor created by Intel was the It was designed for a calculator, and in that time nobody imagined where it would lead.
The first bug in a computer was a dead moth found shorting a relay in the Harvard Mark II computer in 1947
Windows doesn’t allow for creation of folders tagged CON, PRN, AUX, or NUL. These are keywords reserved by DOS.
Mortal Kombat II was so popular when it hit the arcades that several of the machines were later installed with deadlock security panels on the back to prevent thieves from ripping the game’s motherboard straight out of the machine and taking it home.
4004 was the name given to the first microprocessor by Intel.
The worst breach of U.S. military computers in history happened when someone picked up a memory stick (infected by a foreign intelligence agency) they found in the parking lot and plugged it into their computer, which was attached to United States Central Command.
According to a survey, most of the apps in your android device leaks your data, so be aware.
The microcontroller inside a MacBook charger is about as powerful as the original Macintosh computer.
Tandy TRS-80 Model I computer radiated so much interference that many games were designed so that an AM radio next to the computer could be used to provide sounds.
An Apple laptop stinks. One 2001 iBook model used a glue that, after 12-18 months, may begin to smell like human body odor. It is so strong that repairs are difficult because the smell makes people nauseous.
CAPTCHA is an acronym for “Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart”
